Welcome!
We have some exciting things
to share with you in this update.
I’m sure you’ll find it very encouraging.
This month makes the ten-year anniversary
of the release
of the revised English New World Translation
at the annual meeting in 2013.
That historic program
was streamed to 31 lands,
and over 1.4 million attended in person
or via Internet stream.
The complete New World Translation
is now available in 158 languages.
But if we take into consideration
those languages
that have the complete
Christian Greek Scriptures
or part of the Christian Greek Scriptures,
that brings the total
to 279 languages.
We’ve found this revision
to be so helpful in our ministry, haven’t we?
And now the Governing Body
has approved of adding yet another tool
to help us quickly access
the powerful message in the Bible.
We all believe in the power of God’s Word
to give us comfort and guidance.
Because of that,
we have our favorite scriptures
that we refer to over and over again.
However, do you ever partially
remember a Bible verse
but you’re not sure where to find it?
I know that happens to me.
Or do you want to comfort someone
with a verse
that perhaps they don’t often hear?
If so, you will be pleased to know
that a new tool is being released.
It has the title
Scriptures for Christian Living.
This publication
is similar in a number of ways
to one that was released
back in 1965, the book
“Make Sure of All Things; Hold Fast to What Is Fine.”
The title page described that book
as “a compilation
of scriptures from the Holy Bible
under one hundred and twenty-three
main headings.”
Its purpose?
The title page said:
“This book may be used to assure yourself
of the Bible teaching on these subjects,
and also to answer
those who challenge your faith.”
Make Sure  was a well-loved publication.
Notice what two publishers enjoyed about it.
I love this book.
Its comprehensive lists of scriptures
under topics ranging from angels to work
helped me to understand
and identify important Bible principles.
Well, when the Make Sure  book came out,
we were pioneering in the Bible Belt
where we often had doctrinal discussions.
I remember one time talking with a woman,
and she brought up the rich man and Lazarus.
So we went to that section
in the Make Sure  book on hellfire,
and we were able to reason
with her on the matter.
I was in the Air Force when I got the truth,
and so this book helped me
to understand a lot more clearly
issues relating to war,
neutrality, and friendship with the world.
To this day,
I keep my copy handy.
I would say that it was a teaching tool
of the time.
And as pioneers,
we never left home without it.
Like the Make Sure  book,
which is no longer available in print,
the new publication,
Scriptures for Christian Living,
is a compilation of scriptures
on more than 100 topics.
The purpose of this publication
is to help us as we’re instructed
at 2 Timothy 2:15,
that is, to handle
“the word of the truth aright.”
Let’s briefly outline key features
of this new publication
using  JW Library®.
Scriptures for Christian Living,
which we’ll refer to as scl,
makes it easy to locate
Bible verses and accounts
to help you deal with challenges
and to encourage others.
It doesn’t list all the scriptures
on a given topic.
Instead, it groups
the various subjects by category.
To find a subject,
use the search box in  JW Library
or browse the categories.
SCL is divided into seven categories:
Challenges, Conduct, Congregation,
Daily Life, Family,
Spirituality, and Qualities.
Select a category,
and then scroll down the list of topics.
If you’re not sure which category
might have the subject you’re looking for,
select All.
Many of the subjects have these features:
Under each topic,
you’ll see a number of statements
or questions in bold.
The cited verses
support the statement or answer the question.
In some cases, there are “See also” verses
or “Relevant Bible account(s)” listed.
How can the scl  be used?
Unlike the Make Sure  book,
which was designed primarily
for use in the field ministry,
scl  is designed to guide us
as we face the challenges
of living as true Christians.
Elders,
you will find this new publication
to be a valuable resource
on shepherding calls
and when developing talks.
Family heads,
you may want to use the material
as the basis for some
of your Family Worship sessions.
And congregation publishers,
you can use this material
not only as a basis
for some personal Bible study projects
but also to help your Bible students
learn and apply Bible principles
when making decisions.
SCL has been approved in over 300 languages.
How can you get a copy?
And the big question:
When can you get a copy?
We’re happy to inform you that scl
is now available in  JW Library
and will later be available in print.
For a period of time,
scl  will be available in “What’s New.”
And you’ll also be able to find it
by selecting the Library option
at the bottom of the screen
and then selecting Books.
Some languages will be available
at the same time as English,
with more languages to follow.
It’s the Governing Body’s hope
that Scriptures for Christian Living
will help all of us
to do as 2 Timothy 3:17 says
and use God’s Word
to become “fully competent,
completely equipped for every good work.”
This is especially important
as we get deeper into the last days.
Have you ever been afraid
during the past few years?
afraid you’d get sick?
afraid you’d lose your job?
afraid you wouldn’t be able
to feed your family?
Maybe you’ve faced a natural disaster,
persecution, or war.
For what seems like an eternity,
you’ve been living with fear.
If so, what does it mean?
Does being afraid indicate a lack of faith?
Not at all.
Faithful men of the past
have been afraid at times.
Take David, for example.
King Saul had put a price on David’s head.
As a result,
no place in Israel was safe for David,
so he decided to leave the country.
Where did he go?
To Gath, the hometown of Goliath.
As you can imagine,
David wasn’t very popular there.
As a result, the Bible says
that “David . . . became very much afraid
of King Achish of Gath.”
It was during
that dangerous time in David’s life
that he composed the 56th Psalm.
Let’s look at a few verses,
starting with verse 1.
“Show me favor, O God,
because mortal man is attacking me.”
Now, that’s good to remember.
No matter how powerful
a ruler may seem to be,
he is still a “mortal man.”
He needs water and food to live.
All Jehovah has to do is to take that away,
and that man is a goner!
Now let’s look at verse 8.
David says:
“You keep track of my wandering.”
No matter where David went,
he was never out of Jehovah’s sight.
Then he continues:
“Do collect my tears in your skin bottle.
Are they not recorded in your book?”
David, that courageous warrior,
wasn’t embarrassed to admit
that he shed tears at times
and that he was afraid at times.
Still, David didn’t allow himself
to be overwhelmed by grief.
He was confident
that Jehovah noticed his tears
and that God understood
the reason why David was crying.
It’s as if his tears were recorded in a book.
David was sure that one day
that book would be opened
and that Jehovah would repay
the men who had made David cry.
Isn’t it reassuring to know that Jehovah
is not indifferent to our tears?
When you get into a difficult situation,
pray.
If there’s something you can do about it,
pray for wisdom.
If there’s nothing you can do about it,
pray for peace.
When a situation arises
that makes us fearful,
remember that we have a secret weapon.
It’s a powerful weapon—prayer.
If we pour out our hearts to Jehovah,
he will listen to us and he will help us.
Now, that brings us back to verse 3.
It’s a simple statement,
but it’s very meaningful.
“When I am afraid, I put my trust in you.”
That’s realistic.
It acknowledges the fact
that sometimes we’re afraid,
but it tells us what to do about it
—to put our trust in Jehovah.
Next year, we’ll have many opportunities
to meditate on that statement
because the Governing Body has chosen it
as our yeartext for 2024!
Once again,
that’s Psalm 56:3:
“When I am afraid, I put my trust in you.”
From the World Headquarters
of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
this is JW Broadcasting®.